I know that many media folks have stated that the Drop-in feature of the Echo is creepy and can see their point. Here's a different perspective. Mom is now almost 95 and she has short term memory dementia, she's in great spirits but I really can't teach her anything technical, like dialing a phone or even pressing a memory dial button. She lives near my sister and is 2 hours away so visiting is always a bit of a project. I thought I'd try setting a Show next to her rocking chair. I can now Drop-in on her every day and share some face time with her, visit with her granddaughter, see the dog whom she LOVES, and just make her smile. The beauty is that there is no interaction needed on her end, the Caregivers and my mom love this setup. The fact that I can use my phone from anywhere and actually see and talk to Mom, and show her things is hugely entertaining and comforting for Mom, and everyone in the family. So, I say with extreme gratitude, Thank You Amazon for creating an amazingly personally helpful tool for the elderly. Personally, , I am enjoying all of the other great features of an Alexa with a screen, using her with my Arlo Cameras, etc. It truly is quite an amazing platform! In my office I added a small Pioneer bookshelf stereo, I can be listening to Spotify, Pandora etc. and say Alexa, connect Bluetooth, the Pioneer stereo is Bluetooth enabled, it can be OFF and with that single voice command, the Show will wake up the Pioneer, and begin playing the sound over its speakers with no other intervention from me! This is magical stuff! The only bug I have at the moment, Alexa, turn off the screen, the screen turns off, then immediately turns back on. Tell her again and the screen stays off, pretty consistent bug. Edit- Seems fixed now. I hate this this little device from hell. I used to love it. I bought one for every room in my house, my office at work, and they were good. But now, despite Amazon's alleged spying, some genius at Amazon decided to allow this thing to wake you up all hours of the night with a loud obnoxious noise and a bright yellow light. It will say you have a notification. Oh good, it must be a really good reason for Amazon to notify me of something mid sleep at 2 am on a Tuesday you ponder so you wake up the rest of the house by saying Alexa play notifications. Here's the best part, this little Alien Intelligence Robot without feet from hell will say Please rate the pair of shorts your wife bought last week, we need your review. Well, I sure do love reviews, but at 2 am after being woken up to leave one, sadly I don't give a flying poopsicle about the shorts and a bug 1 star rating is all the revenge I can muster. This has been going on for weeks now. THe only useful thing I do with it currently is send short voice messages back and forth between me and my girlfriend. Her office is on the second floor, mine is in a small, detached building (a fancy shed, basically, but with power and heat and stuff). So, we got one speaker for my office, one for hers, and one for the kitchen. Generally, one of us cooks dinner while the other is working, so whichever one is cooking announces to the Kitchen Speaker that dinner is ready, and it plays the message from the Office Speakers. This is useful because generally when we're cooking our hands are busy, so giving a vocal command is slightly easier than stopping, wiping hands, texting, then resuming.
